I don't even know why we go to a stupid
party this one have you guys okay our
kids are going to play together like
bargatze ponytail right now hello hey
Mike your bachelorette weekend stop
running we are people processes okay
mommy me Hana Manny I really do now
we're not your horde
so go get out of here I called the room
next digit you're gonna have to share
with Tippa uh who dad my Australian
friends I'm Esterbrook oh my god
yeah I'm back in the rest against actors
down here when I'm ready to attack this
weekend's all about us just like old
times
what's next really fast
how are you alive right now toys noise
[Music]
everything all right
[Applause]
[Music]
but people trust
I know that things are crazy right now
but you're going to have a lot of
material for my wedding features
I had this nightmare where we had all
killed a guy yeah what no oh my god
jet lag is insane your eyes it's no joke
no joke
[Music]